Q 2. Create a new repository on local in an empty directory (NOTE: do not clone)
mkdir gitAssignment
cd gitAssignment
git init

Q 3. Point remote of your local git repo to the newly created repo on github 
git remote add origin https://github.com/Gagan2095/i-am-a-git-noob.git

Q 4. Print current git configs on terminal
git config –list

Q 5. Update git config with your name and email address (only for current repository)
git config user.name “Gagan Vishwakarma”
git config user.email “gvishwakarma@qodeleaf.com”

Q 6. Create a file named "test1.txt"
echo "first line in file" >> test1.txt

Q 8. Push this file to your github repo.
git status
git add .
git commit -m “Initial commit”
git push origin main

Q 9. Append line with text "second line in file" in "test1.txt".
echo "second line in file" in "test1.txt" >> test1.txt

Q 10. Add file to the staging area.
git add test1.txt

Q 11. Check the status of the file in all staging area
git status

Q 12. Append line with text "Third line in file" in "test1.txt". (Note status of files across different areas).
echo "Third line in file" >> test1.txt

Q 13. Remove "test1.txt" from the staging area.
git reset HEAD -- test1.txt 

Q 14. Create commit with message "My First Commit"
git commit -a -m "My First Commit"

Q 15. Push commit to the remote repo 
git push origin main

Q 16. Update message of last commit "My First Commit" to "My Second Commit" (without creating a new commit)
git commit --amend

Q 17. Push commit with the updated message to the remote repo
git push –force origin main

Q 18. Check the difference between the last and second last commits.
git diff HEAD a25d8a9

Q 19. Revert the last commit and check the updated commit logs history.
git revert bd95757 
git log

Q 20. Append line with text "Fourth line in file" in "test1.txt" and commit it.
echo "Fourth line in file" >> test1.txt

Q 21. Update the last commit such that the "test1.txt"  also contains "Fifth line in file" (without creating a new commit)
echo "Fifth line in file" >> test1.txt

Q 22. Push the updated commits to the remote repository
git add .
git commit –amend
git push origin main

Q 23. Append some content in "test1.txt" file
echo "I am updating this file" >> test1.txt

Q 24. Pull all the content from remote repository to local repository
git pull origin main

Q 25. Clone the remote repository to some other directory in your local system.
git clone https://github.com/Gagan2095/i-am-a-git-noob.git
